Hello everyone.
Welcome back to the course
on the Internet of Things.
So far, we have looked at
circular switch networks for
wireless calls,
packet switched networks for data, and
we also saw how computer
telephony integration and
the wireless technologies resulted in this
powerful network of heterogeneous devices.
In this module, we will focus on apps,
the birth of apps, and how they evolved.
At the risk of stating the obvious,
an app is a piece of code that does
one specific function,
running on a phone or a tablet.
[COUGH] In our case, I want you to
think of applications at scale.
Applications that leverage the network and
all the devices and
people connected to the network and
the sensing capabilities,
processing capabilities, communication
capabilities of these devices.
This is what I hope to
convey in this module.
Before we actually start with the content,
I would like to give you an assignment,
as to what I want you to do
at the end of the course.
Think of an app, something that you really
would like to have, that's not available.
And how much you would actually pay for
the app.
And then, write a description,
maybe a video, maybe some text,
maybe a blog diagram.
If you're actually thinking of building
that app as part of this course,
make sure you secure your
IP before you publish it.
Maybe you'll find other people who
would want to work with you on this.
So, this is what I mean.
I'll tell you my favorite app
that doesn't exist that I really,
really would like to have.
StoryCorps is a service that has
a database that has 50,000 interviews and
80,000 participants.
It was funded by the US taxpayers.
And after 10 years of
a very successful run,
the founders released an app
on Android and iPhone.
And now you can actually
record StoryCorps content,
without having an access
to a professional studio.
You can actually conduct the interviews
from you smart phone or a tablet.
Personally, what I would like
is an app that collects small
audio segments of folk songs,
indigenous instruments
that aborigines would use, or
ancient cultures from Afghanistan,
Syria, Australia or
rural religions in India.
I think this would be a great.
I would really like to have it,
because it presents the culture, and
it leverages the smartphone
audio capabilities.